Once upon a time there was a famous monk who used to live on a high mountain far away. At a place where not many people would go. Still, people who heard about with him would walk up to the mountain on a difficult path to meet him. One day a group of travelers who went up on mountains go to know about the monk and his wisdom. So they decided to visit him. On reaching there, they all greeted the mock. Each of them wanted to talk to him about their own problems and ask for its solutions. So they started to fight among themselves about who would ask first. Fight among them got loud and soon it was choice. There each one of them was saying that his problem is bigger and he needs to talk to Monk first. Monk watched this commotion for a while and not seeing them getting to any decision, he shouted Silence. All people got silent immediately. Then Monk said I have a solution. All of you sit down in a circle on the ground and wait. Saying this, he left and came back with some paper sheets, pen and an empty ball. He passed paper and penned to each one of them and placed bowl in the middle. Then he instructed all of you write down your problem on a paper which you think that troubles you most. And then fold that paper and put that paper in a ball. Everyone started writing and then everyone finished writing. They put their paper in the ball. Then Monk picked up that ball and mixed all those papers. Then he calmly handed the basket to a person sitting in the circle and said now pass the basket around and pick up whichever paper is on the top. Read the problem and if you choose, make it your own or take back your own problem. One by one each of them picked out a paper and read each other's problem. When they read others problem, they were horrified. Each one of them came to conclusion that their problem is not as worse as other persons problems. Within a minute each one of them exchanged their problems. And when they finally had their original paper in their hand, they felt content. They thanked the monk and went on their way. If we see in our lives, then we will find that we all think that our problem is biggest of all. But if we look at the problems of others, then our problems will start looking small to us. In fact, there is no such person in this world who does not have any problem or adversity in his life. Problems are part of our life. If there is no problem in our life, then how can we feel happiness? Therefore, for instead of being afraid of problems, we should try to face it. Because the best way to escape from a problem is to solve it.